the-helical-expeditions/Ideas.md, before:

Creatures of the Deep:
- Turn this into being on the Aiden wall, and having to defend against a hoard of the Hollow Queen's "children" while the Massive Spell Engines are being repaired
- Primary dangers are immediate fight but can also have follow-ups where PCs get Shadow Blight
	- Marbled Gohma? 
	- Shadow Beasts?
	- Lajja?
	- Skele-Monarch?
	- Urarani?

Wedding Crashers:
- Shadow Sea Pirates
- Night Haven wedding 

The Door Dasher:
- The Door Dasher has finally been spotted in a location where it *might* be possible to trap it long enough to open the door.
- Idea around it is to have the party be creative in tackling the Door Dasher problem, however...
- ...rival group (Magia University?) caught wind of a similar idea and thus it will be a game of rivals to who can open the door first.
- Needs to be a particularly interesting location where there is a chase sequence 
	- Taaga jungle going through the jungle over a river waterfall into some ruins alluding to the door's origins?
	- Machine Labyrinth, getting lost in that hell - dodging rampaging machines, dodging an active engagement between Old Iron x New ore?


### Introduction
- BREAK!! is the first system I've really felt comfortable in breaking (no pun intended) and crafting my own things for. It's such an endearing world that you can slot anything into and have it mesh with some framing. It has also helped that the community has given so much support around my creations (and tools!).
- Made this to show off the diversity of adventures and themes one can have within the BREAK!! lore, and have a set of ready-to-use one-shots for myself to run.
- Made to connect deeper with the setting and have fun getting lost in imagining what's there and what stories come and go.

**Does every adventure include all aspects of BREAK!! rules (e.g. Journey, Exploration,  Negotiation, Combat)?** No, and intentionally so. Each adventure's set of rules used is molded around the scope of the adventure. Many adventures can be completed without violence at all.

**What are your inspirations?** While many of the story-beats themselves stem from One-Shot Wonders by Roll-N-Play Press, the re-flavor inspirations stem from my favorite media. To name a few: BREAK!!, Final Fantasy, Adventure Time, Gravity Falls, Avatar: The Last Airbender, Nier, Moebius, the OSR Community, and the list goes on and on. I hope the whimsy and imagination of these amazing works peek through in my adaptations.

**Use of Generative AI?** No generative AI was used in writing or considered for art sources - just human brainwaves there. Standard coding agents were used to help with some of the more funky aspects of front-end formatting/development.

Commit message:

Add back cover page, add Adventure 6, update introduction

the-helical-expeditions/Ideas.md, after:

Wedding Crashers:
- Shadow Sea Pirates
- Night Haven wedding 

The Door Dasher:
- The Door Dasher has finally been spotted in a location where it *might* be possible to trap it long enough to open the door.
- Last component for a thesis by a graduate researcher
- Idea around it is to have the party be creative in tackling the Door Dasher problem, however...
- ...rival group (Magia University?) caught wind of a similar idea and thus it will be a game of rivals to who can open the door first.
- Needs to be a particularly interesting location where there is a chase sequence 
	- Taaga jungle going through the jungle over a river waterfall into some ruins alluding to the door's origins?
	- Machine Labyrinth, getting lost in that hell - dodging rampaging machines, dodging an active engagement between Old Iron x New ore?

Foes in the Foliage:
- Murk
- Local herbalist has asked the party to protect
- Minions of the Unshaped attempt to sabotage the tree transformation as it undermines their influence in the Outer World

Crossed Bones:
- Shadowed Lands
- Day of Rekindled Lights - day to remember all the Knights of the Lanterns who have fallen protecting the roads and people of the Wistful Dark. Any recovered fallen lanterns are placed into a local remembrance site and are re-lit as people send sky lanterns out over the tundra.
- Set in the village of Grimund (Grim End), a tiny sun shard haven
	- Set on a devastating battlefield between Akenia and Calian
	- Left the area scorched and desolate
- Set on one of the main crossroads through the Shadowed Lands, and as such, has a high rate of Knights and recovered Lanterns passing through.
	- The entire surrounding tundra of the town by this point are ancient armaments in the ground and set lanterns.
